doc: internal audit 7 (#215)
valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics: audits/internal7/README.md

# Internal audit of autonolas-tokenomics
The review has been performed based on the contract code in the following repository:<br>
`https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics` <br>
commit: `4d543af4efefea0380a1c5b1d79f5e574b4c26f0` or `tag: v1.3.3-pre-internal-audit`<br> 

## Objectives

> The audit focused on WithheldAmount fixing in PoAA Staking in tokonomics contract in this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audit focused on WithheldAmount fix in TargetDispenserL2 contract
```
